Add `completion:` assertion to test_corpus (#1762)
sorbet/sorbet: README.md

# ^ hover: (nothing)
```

#### Testing completion

<!-- TODO(jez) Un-declare this under construction -->

🚧 This section is under construction! 🚧

LSP tests can also assert the contents of completion responses with `completion`
assertions.

```ruby
class A
  def self.foo_1; end
  def self.foo_2; end

  foo
#    ^ completion: foo_1, foo_2
end
```

The `^` corresponds to the position of the cursor. So in the above example, it's
as if the cursor is like this: `foo│`. If the `^` had been directly under the
last `o`, it would have been like this: `fo|o`. Only the first `^` is used. If

> you use `^^^` in the assertion, the test harness will take only the first one.

Reviewer: Tiny suggestion:

```suggestion
you use `^^^` in the assertion, the test harness will use only the first caret.
```
